.TH "Main.cpp" 3 "Mon Nov 8 2010" "Version 1" "CS684_course_project_group5" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Main.cpp \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'includes.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBnull\fP   '\\0'"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcapture_image\fP (char *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBvectorGeneration\fP (char *, IplImage *, list< \fBpoint\fP >)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsample\fP (char *, IplImage *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBshow_vector_image\fP (list< \fBpoint\fP >)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBshow_vector_image\fP (list< \fBpoint\fP > path, char *imgfile, IplImage *img1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "list< double > \fBmoveToNextEnd\fP (list< double > moves, \fBpoint\fP prev_endCur, \fBpoint\fP endCur, \fBpoint\fP startNext, \fBpoint\fP next_startNext)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmain\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBmat\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define null   '\\0'"summary> Global variable to maintain the image matrix /summary> 
.PP
Definition at line 2 of file Main.cpp.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void capture_image (char * filemane)"summary> Moves the BOT to the next end point /summary> 
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file Main.cpp.
.SS "int main ()"
.PP
Definition at line 305 of file Main.cpp.
.SS "list<double> moveToNextEnd (list< double > moves, \fBpoint\fP prev_endCur, \fBpoint\fP endCur, \fBpoint\fP startNext, \fBpoint\fP next_startNext)"summary> Generates vectors from the image /summary> 
.PP
Definition at line 100 of file Main.cpp.
.SS "void sample (char * imgfile, IplImage * img)"
.PP
Apply median filter to smooth /summary>
.PP
Red boundary detection make all pixles which are outside the red boundary white. /summary>
.PP
Thresholding according to grey scale /summary>
.PP
Thinning the thresholded image /summary>
.PP
Generate vectors and do further processing /summary> 
.PP
Definition at line 234 of file Main.cpp.
.SS "void show_vector_image (list< \fBpoint\fP >)"summary> Show the vector image drawm /summary> 
.SS "void show_vector_image (list< \fBpoint\fP > path, char * imgfile, IplImage * img1)"summary> Capture image from webcam /summary> 
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file Main.cpp.
.SS "void vectorGeneration (char * filename, IplImage * img, list< \fBpoint\fP > endPoints)"
.PP
Definition at line 149 of file Main.cpp.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char** \fBmat\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 8 of file Main.cpp.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CS684_course_project_group5 from the source code.
